CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

# Code of Conduct

## Discord Community
You must follow the **Discord Server** rules in the `#rules` channel.

## Comportamental

### Possitive
* Using welcoming and inclusive language.
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences.
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism.
* Focusing on what is best for the community.
* Showing empathy towards other community members.

### Negative
* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances.
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks.
* Public or private harassment.
* Publishing others' private information, such as physical or electronic address, without explicit permission.
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropiate in a professional setting.

## Scope
This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

## Attribution
Special thankful to [Skill Board](https://github.com/devscollab/skill-board) project for the base of our **Code of Conduct**.

Commit message:

docs: Documentation review by hanyangl in sflynlang-bot

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

# Code of Conduct

## Discord Community
Please review and comply with the **Discord Server** rules in the `#rules` channel. Thank you!

## Behavioral Guidelines

### Positive
- Please use welcoming and inclusive language.
- Please be respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences of others.
- Accept constructive criticism gracefully.
- Focus on what is best for the community.
- Show empathy towards other community members.

### Negative
- The use of sexualized language, imagery in communications with others in public channels, group chats or private messages.
- Giving unwanted attention to, or making unwanted advances, on others.
- Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments.
- Making personal or political attacks on others.
- Public or private harassment of others.
- Publishing others' private information, such as physical or electronic address, without explicit permission (i.e. doxxing).
- Any other conduct that could reasonably be considered inappropiate in a professional setting.

## Scope
This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

## Attribution
Many thanks to [Skill Board](https://github.com/devscollab/skill-board) project for the base of our **Code of Conduct**.
